<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
  Created by IntelliJ IDEA.
  User: jofisaes
  Date: 17/01/2021
  Time: 17:52
-->
<!DOCTYPE html
        PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html">

<h:head>
    <title>Title</title>
</h:head>

<h:body>

    <h1>Arias and Chorus</h1>

    <table border="1" bordercolor="#000000">
        <tr>
            <td>
                <h2>Sending with encoders</h2>
                <p>
                    <button onclick="cleanAll();wsocket.send(getSong());">Send Handmade Heaven as a TEXT!</button>
                </p>
                <p>
                    <button onclick="cleanAll();wsocket.send(toBinary(getSong()));">Send Handmade Heaven as a BINARY!</button>
                </p>
                <div id="webSocketResult1Id"></div>
                <h2>Sending without encoders</h2>
                <p>
                    <button onclick="cleanAll();wsocket2.send(getSong());">Send Handmade Heaven as a TEXT!</button>
                </p>
                <p>
                    <button onclick="cleanAll();wsocket2.send(toBinary(getSong()));">Send Handmade Heaven as a BINARY!</button>
                </p>
                <div id="webSocketResult2Id"></div>
                <p>
                    <i>You do not need encoders. You can do it, but if you are sending either texts or binaries, you don't need to convert anything</i>
                </p>

            </td>
            <td>
                <h2>Kyla La Grange makes beautiful music. Would it be considered celtic?</h2>
                <a href="ariaschorus/notceltic">Let's check!</a>
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                <h2>Redirect</h2>
                <h:form>
                    <p><h:commandButton value="Visit My Homepage" action="#{redirectBean.redirect}"/></p>
                </h:form>
            </td>
            <td>
                <p>
                    <a href="logout.jsp">Force Session Logout</a>
                </p>
            </td>
        </tr>
    </table>
    <script>
        function getSong() {
            return JSON.stringify({
                "artist": "Marina",
                "song": "Handmade Heaven",
                "lyricExtract": "In this handmade heaven"
            });
        }

        function toBinary(string) {
            const codeUnits = new Uint16Array(string.length);
            for (let i = 0; i &lt; codeUnits.length; i++) {
                codeUnits[i] = string.charCodeAt(i);
            }
            return codeUnits;
        }

        var wsocket;

        function connect() {
            wsocket = new WebSocket("ws://localhost:8080/jee-mastery-app-2-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT/ariaschorus/lyrics");
            wsocket.onmessage = onMessage;
        }

        function onMessage(evt) {
            document.getElementById("webSocketResult1Id").innerHTML = evt.data
        }

        var wsocket2;

        function connect2() {
            wsocket2 = new WebSocket("ws://localhost:8080/jee-mastery-app-2-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT/ariaschorus/noencoding/lyrics");
            wsocket2.onmessage = onMessage2;
        }

        function onMessage2(evt) {
            document.getElementById("webSocketResult2Id").innerHTML = evt.data
        }

        function cleanAll() {
            document.getElementById("webSocketResult1Id").innerHTML = "";
            document.getElementById("webSocketResult2Id").innerHTML = "";
        }


        window.addEventListener("load", connect, false);
        window.addEventListener("load", connect2, false);
    </script>
</h:body>
</html>